hey what's going on everyone I'm Jason
I'm going to show you how to make a bean
burrito you can also add chicken I got
some chicken here so it's a super easy
ingredients are black beans kind of
refried beans you've got some chopped
onion we have some Colima a jack
shredded cheese we have some flour
tortillas burrito size is big big
tortillas we have some sriracha if you
want a little bit hotter and chicken I
didn't mention that already so anyway
let's get this mixed up and I'll show
you how to put it together first step we
took the black beans and we rinsed them
off and put them in a bowl next we have
our refried beans and we're going to
spoon this out into one nice chunk we're
going to put this in the microwave and
heat this up but then we're going to mix
it together so stay tuned while I heat
this up okay we've heated this up in the
microwave for like a minute and a half
so now we're going to spoon this on to
our shells and go from there so here's
our flour tortilla we're going to put
our bean mixture right in the middle
next we're going to put a little bit of
onion this is all totally up to you I'm
going to add some chicken
and add a quarter-cup or maybe a little
less of cheese and then to fold a
burrito just bring in the sides like
this fold it over tuck it in and then
that's what you really looks like so
we're going to make a whole bunch of
those so here's another optional step
you can eat the burritos just as is but
we're going to fry them in a little bit
of butter so we're just going to take a
couple tablespoons of butter put in the
pan let it melt then we're going to fry
them up okay now we've got our butter
melted so we're going to just toss these
in a couple at a time and let them fry
up
mom medium dig that's the same thing is
it the same so you guys won't try Bob no
I don't hide um hmm chicken beans and
cheese in ok now 17 yours got sriracha
maybe it's a good rally take a bite joy
means it was an accident right now geez
feel good hey Michael good trend ha ha
cheese in her help mm-hmm well
everybody's I rather liked it okay
there's magazines in it